When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When you want to collaborate with as many people to help with your project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

The reason is because some people who work on the same project commited their own changes to it, which may not favor the changes you made on the project yourself resulting in confusion.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks only happen on github. Clones on the other hand, involve both local and github repositories. Branches exist independently that involve neither the act of forking or cloning. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

That way, if you decide to make further changes and your other collaborator made changes on the online repository, you can always compare both files to the last known state. Therefore making it easier for you to integrate the changes made by the other people you work on the same project.

Now that you've seen how multiple people can share changes to a project using GitHub, and review proposed changes using pull requests, go add the following question and your thoughts on it to your reflections file:

Without Github, I think the only way to collaborate effectively is by doing the project face to face or in person and letting the other person know each and every changes you make to the file. It would be much easier with Github because you could work remotely and be more efficient in working together in a single project.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When you want to collaborate with other people and want to know their feedback first you want to make changes in a separate branch first. The only benefit that making changes directly to the master is that the 'workflow' is much less time consuming.